date: 11 18:15:18 +0200 (C
sender: nettime-lat-bounces on Wed,  6 Ju
body: The results of your email command are provided below. Attached is your
original message.


- Unprocessed:
    I represent a large multinational firm where I work in the Human Resources department. 
    This company is well known in various fields such as:
    \ estate property
    \ founding and abatement of enterprises
    \ private undertaking service
    \ etc.
    And for the moment we are creating a regional managers? team in Europe offering:
    - rate of salary 2.400 EURO + bonus
    - 1 - 2 working hours per day
    - individual time-table
    If you would like to fill a position of regional manager in Europe send us your contact information: Katherine {AT} europe-cv.net
    Attention! We need just the people residing in Europe. 
    Please provide your contact information in order we could contact you for further communication. 

- Done.


---------

date: 11 23:35:38 +0200 (C
sender: nettime-lat-bounces on Thu, 14 Ju
body: The results of your email command are provided below. Attached is your
original message.


- Unprocessed:
    Then a career in one of the leading trade and investing companies is for you!
    As a leader in developing different programs on risks reduction and searching for unique opportunities in the sphere of international business,
    we are continuously expanding and seeking dynamic, energetic, experienced professionals to join our team for administrative job. 
    Benefits and contract duration:
     Salary ranges from 2000 up to 2500 EUR (Monthly);
     Specially designed bonus system;
     Contract last for 1 year and interested applicant can be retain as permanent staff for long-term contract.
    Because of the high volume of responses, only those who meet up our qualifications and assessment will receive a response and if you are identified 
    as a candidate that needs training/certification you may be provided with education opportunities through our partners.
    More than 40,000 people have already selected our company to be their employer and so should you.
    Submit your Resume/CV now! If you truly have what it takes to be a successful representative of our company, 
    then we would be more than happy to have you as a part of our big family.
    If you are interested, please reply to : Vernon {AT} europ-exlusive.com with your CV.

- Done.


---------

